hello
yes detective mccutchen narcotics
do you mind if i come in no it's a nice
place you got you live here alone
yes i do this boyfriend you have salcan
had we split up a while ago
oh when was the last time that you saw
over the circumstances solid gold he
came asking for money i said no
did he threaten you no
did he become physical with you no
this is strange why is it strange
because on the tapes he sounds like he's
becoming very physically aggressive with
you recording him
who who owns this restaurant this is my
apartment this is not a restaurant
who are you by the way i'm vera your
granddaughter
you need some help with that yes do i
need a lawyer
it depends
[Music]
they can still come and take it away
from me whenever they want who can
the police it's just that when you
called
9-1-1 and you asked for the police to
come and then you hung up and then
you said it was an accident
why did you do that bad things happen
every five minutes right if bad things
didn't happen we wouldn't have a job
most men you can't trust to believe me
thank you for your cooperation you're
very good
[Music]
hey